docs/README.md, before:

# About Caffa
Caffa is an Application Framework for Embedded server applications written in C++. It features Runtime Introspection, serialisation and a REST-interface 

Caffa is intended to help write applications with strong separation between application logic and the data model and allow for unforseen new methods of accessing objects using introspection. The main target for Caffa is to create simple control applications for embedded Linux systems or client/server c++-applications with a shared client and server code base.

As an example, you would write Data Model Objects with Fields holding data instead of simple variables. This gives you runtime introspection of the fields without using a pre-compiler and all objects can easily be written out to JSON. Caffa is set up for allowing scripting access by utilising the introspection capabilites to optionally expose fields and objects to scripting languages with little additional work from the application developer.

The REST-interface is designed to be as transparent as possible, and fields and methods can be accessed remotely from the client as if they are local fields through the use of remote REST-accessors being applied to them when the object is instantiated on the client.

~~~cpp
#pragma once
#include "cafObject.h"

using namespace caffa;

class ChildObject : public Object
{
    // Repeat the class name and parent Caffa Object
    // This registers methods for inspecting the class hierarchy
    CAFFA_HEADER_INIT(DemoObject, Object)

public:
    // Caffa classes must be default instantiable, since they are created by a factory for serialization
    // But as long as they have default values for all parameters, we are good!
    ChildObject(const std::string& childName = "");

public:
    Field<std::string> name;
};

class TinyDemoDocument : public Document
{
    CAFFA_HEADER_INIT_WITH_DOC("A tiny object with documentation", TinyDemoDocument, Object);

public:
    enum TestEnumType
    {
        T1,
        T2,
        T3
    };

    TinyDemoDocument();
    ~TinyDemoDocument() noexcept override;

public:

    Field<bool>                     toggleField;
    Field<double>                   doubleField;
    Field<int>                      intField;
    Field<std::vector<int>>         intVectorField;
    Field<AppEnum<TestEnumType>>    enumField;
    ChildArrayField<ChildObject>    children; // ChildArrayFields hold a vector of Caffa Objects
    ChildField<ChildObject>         specialChild; // Child fields hold a single Caffa Object

public:
    Method<void(double)>            scaleDoubleField; // A registered method
};
~~~

In the cpp file you then register the object and fields.

~~~cpp
CAFFA_SOURCE_INIT(ChildObject)

ChildObject::ChildObject(const std::string& childName)
{
    initField(name, "name").withDefault(childName).withScripting();
}

CAFFA_SOURCE_INIT(TinyDemoDocument)

// Must be in caffa namespace
namespace caffa
{
template <>
void AppEnum<TinyDemoDocument::TestEnumType>::setUp()
{
    // Register enum values with a corresponding text string
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T1, "T1" );
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T2, "T2" );
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T3, "T3" );
    setDefault( TinyDemoDocument::T1 );
}

} // namespace caffa


TinyDemoDocument::TinyDemoDocument()
{
    initField(toggleField, "Toggle").withDefault(true).withScripting();    
    initField(doubleField, "Number").withDefault(11.0).withScripting();
    initField(intField, "Integer").withDefault(42).withScripting();
    initField(enumField, "Enum").withScripting();
    initField(intVectorField, "Integers").withScripting();
    initField(children, "Children").withScripting();
    initFIeld(specialChild, "SpecialChild"); // Omitted withScripting => not remote accessible.
    
    initMethod(scaleDoubleField, "scaleDouble", {"scalingFactor"}, [this](double scalingFactor)
    {
        this->doubleField.setValue(this->doubleField.value() * scalingFactor);
    });


    // Add a couple of children to the child array field
    children.push_back(std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Alice"));
    children.push_back(std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Bob"));

    // Set the single child object
    specialChild = std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Balthazar");
}
~~~

Fields and methods can be accessed locally in the following way:
~~~cpp

    auto doc = std::make_shared<TinyDemoDocument>();
    doc->toggleField = true;
    int currentIntValue = doc->intField;
    doc->scaleDoubleField(3.0);
~~~

If your application inherits the caffa::rpc::RestServerApplication and the document is provided by the server app through your implementation of the virtual document and documents() methods, you can access the same fields and methods remotely.

~~~cpp
    // The result of the document method is a generic document, so need casting.
    auto doc = std::dynamic_pointer_cast<TinyDemoDocument>(client->document("TinyDemoDocument"));
    doc->toggleField = true;
    int currentIntValue = doc->intField;
    doc->scaleDoubleField(3.0);
~~~

See [ExampleServer.cpp](https://github.com/lindkvis/caffa/blob/master/RestInterface/RestInterface_Example/ExampleServer.cpp) and [ExampleClient.cpp](https://github.com/lindkvis/caffa/blob/master/RestInterface/RestInterface_Example/ExampleClient.cpp) for a
more complete example.

# Requirements
Caffa uses modern C++ and requires a C++20 compatible compiler, Boost 1.71.0+ and CMake 3.16+.

# Building
Caffa uses git submodules so it is important to initialise submodules recursively first

```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

# Licensing
Caffa is licensed under the LGPL 2.1 or newer.

Commit message:

Add link to JSON Schema in README

docs/README.md, after:

# About Caffa
Caffa is an Application Framework for Embedded server applications written in C++. It features Runtime Introspection, serialisation and a REST-interface 

Caffa is intended to help write applications with strong separation between application logic and the data model and allow for unforseen new methods of accessing objects using introspection. The main target for Caffa is to create simple control applications for embedded Linux systems or client/server c++-applications with a shared client and server code base.

As an example, you would write Data Model Objects with Fields holding data instead of simple variables. This gives you runtime introspection of the fields without using a pre-compiler and all objects can easily be written out to JSON. Caffa is set up for allowing scripting access by utilising the introspection capabilites to optionally expose fields and objects to scripting languages with little additional work from the application developer.

The REST-interface is designed to be as transparent as possible, and fields and methods can be accessed remotely from the client as if they are local fields through the use of remote REST-accessors being applied to them when the object is instantiated on the client.

The REST-interface communicates via JSON adhering to the latest draft [JSON Schema](http://json-schema.org/) specification and the REST-server provides access to both schemas and data.

~~~cpp
#pragma once
#include "cafObject.h"

using namespace caffa;

class ChildObject : public Object
{
    // Repeat the class name and parent Caffa Object
    // This registers methods for inspecting the class hierarchy
    CAFFA_HEADER_INIT(DemoObject, Object)

public:
    // Caffa classes must be default instantiable, since they are created by a factory for serialization
    // But as long as they have default values for all parameters, we are good!
    ChildObject(const std::string& childName = "");

public:
    Field<std::string> name;
};

class TinyDemoDocument : public Document
{
    CAFFA_HEADER_INIT_WITH_DOC("A tiny object with documentation", TinyDemoDocument, Object);

public:
    enum TestEnumType
    {
        T1,
        T2,
        T3
    };

    TinyDemoDocument();
    ~TinyDemoDocument() noexcept override;

public:

    Field<bool>                     toggleField;
    Field<double>                   doubleField;
    Field<int>                      intField;
    Field<std::vector<int>>         intVectorField;
    Field<AppEnum<TestEnumType>>    enumField;
    ChildArrayField<ChildObject>    children; // ChildArrayFields hold a vector of Caffa Objects
    ChildField<ChildObject>         specialChild; // Child fields hold a single Caffa Object

public:
    Method<void(double)>            scaleDoubleField; // A registered method
};
~~~

In the cpp file you then register the object and fields.

~~~cpp
CAFFA_SOURCE_INIT(ChildObject)

ChildObject::ChildObject(const std::string& childName)
{
    initField(name, "name").withDefault(childName).withScripting();
}

CAFFA_SOURCE_INIT(TinyDemoDocument)

// Must be in caffa namespace
namespace caffa
{
template <>
void AppEnum<TinyDemoDocument::TestEnumType>::setUp()
{
    // Register enum values with a corresponding text string
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T1, "T1" );
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T2, "T2" );
    addItem( TinyDemoDocument::T3, "T3" );
    setDefault( TinyDemoDocument::T1 );
}

} // namespace caffa


TinyDemoDocument::TinyDemoDocument()
{
    initField(toggleField, "Toggle").withDefault(true).withScripting();    
    initField(doubleField, "Number").withDefault(11.0).withScripting();
    initField(intField, "Integer").withDefault(42).withScripting();
    initField(enumField, "Enum").withScripting();
    initField(intVectorField, "Integers").withScripting();
    initField(children, "Children").withScripting();
    initFIeld(specialChild, "SpecialChild"); // Omitted withScripting => not remote accessible.
    
    initMethod(scaleDoubleField, "scaleDouble", {"scalingFactor"}, [this](double scalingFactor)
    {
        this->doubleField.setValue(this->doubleField.value() * scalingFactor);
    });


    // Add a couple of children to the child array field
    children.push_back(std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Alice"));
    children.push_back(std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Bob"));

    // Set the single child object
    specialChild = std::make_shared<ChildObject>("Balthazar");
}
~~~

Fields and methods can be accessed locally in the following way:
~~~cpp

    auto doc = std::make_shared<TinyDemoDocument>();
    doc->toggleField = true;
    int currentIntValue = doc->intField;
    doc->scaleDoubleField(3.0);
~~~

If your application inherits the caffa::rpc::RestServerApplication and the document is provided by the server app through your implementation of the virtual document and documents() methods, you can access the same fields and methods remotely.

~~~cpp
    // The result of the document method is a generic document, so need casting.
    auto doc = std::dynamic_pointer_cast<TinyDemoDocument>(client->document("TinyDemoDocument"));
    doc->toggleField = true;
    int currentIntValue = doc->intField;
    doc->scaleDoubleField(3.0);
~~~

See [ExampleServer.cpp](https://github.com/lindkvis/caffa/blob/master/RestInterface/RestInterface_Example/ExampleServer.cpp) and [ExampleClient.cpp](https://github.com/lindkvis/caffa/blob/master/RestInterface/RestInterface_Example/ExampleClient.cpp) for a
more complete example.

# Requirements
Caffa uses modern C++ and requires a C++20 compatible compiler, Boost 1.71.0+ and CMake 3.16+.

# Building
Caffa uses git submodules so it is important to initialise submodules recursively first

```bash
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

# Licensing
Caffa is licensed under the LGPL 2.1 or newer.
